♪ I know I can't save you ♪
♪♪
-"I think Jen is fake."
-[all gasp]
Okay. well. this escalated quickly.
With a smiley. just so you know.
Oh. so it's nice.
Having this confession come out
has definitely caught me off guard
'cause this isn't supposed
to be malicious at all.
[Jessi]
Okay. Mayci. this is your fault.
[Mayci]
I was like. "I didn't do that."
Okay. we can't say
who did or did not do it.
And that definitely kinda put
a damper on the mood.
That's a lot.
Give yourself some grace.
Yeah.
I don't know who wrote the card
that Jen was fake.
If it wasn't Demi or Jessi.
because they have this weird beef.
then I would say
they brainwashed someone else
to feel the same way about Jen.
-Okay.
-[Jessi] Well. we're proud of you.
-This was fun.
-So cool.
Also don't forget:
Friday. baby shower. celebrate Billy.
There'll be bunnies there.
-[speaker] Bunnies?
-Little baby bunnies that you can hold.
Love you. drive safe.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
I'm just like. "Okay. I'm here
"to be a part of MomTok
and to be empowered and gain support.
but there's none of that."
I just wanted to get to the bottom
of why are these women doing this to me?
And. like. what are your intentions
behind our friendship?
And if you do have an issue with me.
like. let's talk about it.
-[♪ theme music playing]
-♪ Come thee saints ♪
♪ And come thee sinners ♪
♪ Hallelujah ♪
♪ Listen up ♪
♪ I'm the one you've been dreaming of ♪
♪ I've got everything
you could ever want ♪
♪ Try me and you'll see
I'll bring you to your knees ♪
♪ Baby. you're gonna believe ♪
♪ Lead us not into temptation ♪
♪ Temptation ♪
♪♪
[♪ upbeat music playing]
-[Susie Grimshaw] Hi.
-[Whitney] Hi.
-[Susie] Welcome to Foxglove!
-[Whitney] Thank you.
this store is so cute.
Thank you so much.
So nice to meet both of you.
I think you've been talking with Miriam
-about your baby shower. right?
-Yes. Yes.
I'm having a baby shower after baby's born
because we didn't know the gender yet.
and now we do.
I invited everyone from MomTok
because I'm definitely
still making efforts
to feel like I've been accepted back
into this group.
and especially before the girls' trip.
And I've been getting really close
with Jen and Miranda
because I... [laughs] I need some friends.
-[Miranda] Are you a plant person?
-[Whitney] I am. but I'm not.
Because I'll start it
and then I'll forget about it.
I want to. though.
I want to get to know them.
I got some that
they're supposed to die.
What are they called?
Perennials or whatever.
Perennials?
When it dies and comes back.
I don't know.
Like. it's supposed to die?
Yeah. it's. like. supposed to die
and then it comes back.
I want that. That's what's happening
in my life right now.
And I thought I killed 'em!
Same actually.
Have you talked to Jen at all?
I was so worried about her.
-Like. nobody wants to hear that.
-Yeah. she called me.
Does she want to have
a conversation or no?
She wants to think on it
for a while before she decides...
-Mm.
-...if and when she's gonna bring it up.
Well. I guess we'll have
to wait and find out.
-Yeah. Anyway.
-Um.
I'm curious who all shows up at the shower
'cause I invited everyone.
but I would be shocked
if everybody showed up.
Do you want me to guess
who I think will be there?
Maybe guess who wouldn't be there.
Hopefully. that number's smaller than.
[laughs]
than the ones that would be there.
Okay. okay. I'll tell you
who I don't think will be there then.
[Whitney]
Okay. cool.
I don't think Demi. Mikayla...
-Jessi? Yeah.
-...and Jessi will be there.
That seems about right.
Whitney wants to move forward
with these girls.
And I do think that it is possible
with some of them.
But. in order to move forward.
I think you need to prove yourself.
that you really are sorry
for your actions.
And. for me. I'm hoping this girls' trip
can be a great opportunity for me
to get to know all of the girls
and vice versa. and see where things go.
[Whitney] I'm. like. trying
to show my support towards Mayci more.
And I thought it'd be fun
if all of us got together
and. like. did something for her
at the pickleball event.
-Funny shirts or painted our bodies--
-Oh. for. like. in support?
-Yeah.
-Oh. that'd be fun.
I don't know what. but--
Painted our bodies! [laughs]
That would actually be hilarious.
We're in our bikinis
and it says. "Wah!" Yeah.
I'm putting together this new group chat
without Mayci.
because I want to plan something
very special for her
at this pickleball event.
Let's hope that this redeems me
a little bit.
Let's make the chat.
I'm gonna make it right now.
Okay. so I said. "I thought it'd be fun
to do something for Mayci
"at the pickleball tournament!
Maybe shirts? Body paint? Haha!"
I think that's good.
-I'm scared.
-[both laughing]
-Are you scared?
-I really am.
Let's see.
-[phone vibrating]
-New text.
You should leave it.
I'm just kidding.
-Don't. please don't.
-For real. Like. wow.
[phone alerts chiming]
Whitney just sent a text.
"I thought it'd be fun to do something
for Mayci at the pickleball tournament."
I bet you do.
"Maybe shirts? Body paint? Haha!
Thoughts?"
I don't think I'm gonna reply to her.
I'm definitely not responding
to this message. Hell no!
I feel like she definitely.
like. hit her head
and forgot what she did last year.
Mm. I'm gonna leave that one on read.
You have to respond. nobody's responding.
You have to say something.
[phone alert chimes]
It's just me and you
having a conversation.
-Everyone leaves.
-Goodbye.
♪ I just wanna kick it
with my girls for the night ♪
♪ Girls for the night.
girls for the night ♪
♪ Girls for the night ♪
Since therapy.
Dakota is putting in an effort
and really trying to show the partner
that he says he is.
and I'm communicating with him better.
But I need to now focus on healing.
and that is a journey in itself.
It's very complex.
-[Aspen] Hello.
-[Taylor] Hello!
[gasps] Hi. my baby cakes.
Oh. you love your Nana. huh?
Think he looks like Dakota.
My family and I don't always see
eye to eye.
like. at the barbecue. for example.
He lied. yes. That is so wrong.
but give him some grace.
You guys had seen each other three times.
And then. he came over
and had sex with you?
What does that say about you?
[Taylor]
But at the same time.
they've helped me a lot with Ever
and my other kids
during this turmoil with Dakota.
so I am so grateful for them.
[Aspen]
Where are you and Dakota right now?
And then. we made our TikToks last night.
and then all my friends are like.
"Taylor. Taylor."
-They're exhausted.
-I saw that. too.
I'm like. "What the heck is going on?"
♪♪
It's just a TikTok.
-It's really not that deep. like--
-[Liann] I know. but it's like--
Okay. but you're-- I feel like
those kind of TikToks. it's like.
"Oh. they're back together."
-when you--
-It never said that.
-No. but it's--
-It said he's trying
-and he's cleaning my floors.
-It's implying.
-As he should be.
[Taylor] Well. I don't know.
We're working through things.
-Yeah.
-But. like. we're not living together.
We're not going on dates.
We're not seeing each other that often
besides when he visits his son.
-[Aspen] So. are you guys having sex?
-[Taylor] Um...
'Cause that's gonna confuse him.
Yes. but it doesn't change anything.
I told him that.
Why are you having sex with him then?
I have been hooking up with Dakota still
and it's just hard
to completely cut that off.
It's almost like a trauma response.
Like. yes. I'm angry.
but I still. like. want that.
It's like a-- It's a thing you--
It's just passion.
When I'm being intimate with him.
I feel nothing.
I literally turn it off.
Like. I don't know how I do it.
Like. he calls me
the dude in the relationship
because after. he's like. "Can we cuddle?"
And I'm like. "No. I don't wanna cuddle.
Like. if anything. you can leave."
I. like. almost turn it off
like I'm protecting myself
'cause I know if I do feel.
it will hurt really bad.
I feel like you shouldn't be doing that.
-Even he's shaking his head no.
-[Liann] Yeah. look at him.
[Aspen]
He said. "No. Mom. don't do it." [laughs]
I'm a little annoyed that my family
is being a little judgmental
and trying to tell me. like. what to do.
It's my choice at the end of the day.
It's not really their place to say
or tell me what to do.
[Aspen] I think you guys
just need Jesus in your life.
I think Taylor just needs
to not have sex with Dakota.
It's like giving him...
-What?
-...the wrong vibe. Like. vibe.
It's like. "Do you wanna be with me.
or you don't wanna be with me?
-Like. are you using me for sex?"
-[Taylor] You just feel lonely.
Like. and you want that. like. connection.
-Well. go use your freaking vibrator.
-That's not a person.
Honestly. sometimes vibrators
feel better than the guy. anyways.
-True.
-What?
-True!
-Oh. my gosh.
I don't want to even hear this!
Have you never used one?
-[Liann] No. we're not talking about that.
-Yeah. we are.
I've literally found a book.
-Of what?
-[Liann] Aspen!
-Positions?
-[Aspen] All the positions. [laughs]
-Have you tried 'em all?
-Yes.
-[gasps] Ew! Even worse!
-[Aspen] Ew!
Oh. my gosh.
I just don't think that
you should keep having sex with him.
I don't have feelings anymore.
I don't feel nothing.
That is not true
'cause I think you've come a long way
and you're over here--
you're backtracking.
[Aspen]
Replace yourself with Indy.
Knowing In-- your daughter came to you
and is telling you all this stuff.
what would you tell your daughter?
I would just explain to her.
I've been in your shoes
and actually it will make you feel--
'Cause I assume it makes-- it's gonna
end up being 10 times shittier. right?
-So. I'll be like--
-So. why aren't you taking
your own advice?
I think you guys shouldn't be having sex
if you're working on it.
'Cause I feel like
you guys both have your own issues.
And if you can't do it for yourself.
do it for him.
[Taylor]
My sister does have a point.
This is doing nothing progressive for me.
And I feel like I have to cut that off.
or you're just gonna continue
the unhealthy cycle.
[♪ upbeat music playing]
♪ But the question is.
can you dance all night? ♪
♪ Yeah... ♪
[line ringing]
[Mayci] [over phone]
Hi.
-[Whitney] Hi. How are you?
-[Mayci] Good. How are you doing?
You know. I'm trying to be better at just.
like. saying things head-on
rather than bottling it up.
I saw the video Mikayla made.
Oh. man.
I mean. shit. I'm putting food
on that table for that girl.
that's for sure.
[Whitney]
She's making all of these hurtful videos.
making fun of my traumas.
Like. Conner and I going through
a hard time in our relationship.
All of this harassing and bullying.
whatever you wanna call it.
Whether it's about me.
or about our relationship.
If you really feel that way.
how 'bout you just say it to my face?
I get it from Jessi.
Demi. and Mikayla. I get it.
But then you're in it too.
And then I'm like. okay.
we're creating this narrative online
where I'm not friends with Mayci.
Because why else
would she be in these videos?
[Mayci] [over phone]
The fact that I'm in it. yeah.
I could see how you think that.
but I genuinely don't know what.
like. they're gonna say on the caption.
I'm just like. "Oh--" It's like.
"Oh. we're doing this trend. okay."
I think that's why
I didn't think that it was about you.
Regardless of Mayci saying
that she wasn't aware
of what Mikayla was going to say.
at what point are you gonna tune in
to that's what she's continually doing?
If you've already seen the first post.
why are you in the second one?
I genuinely feel like I need
to have a conversation.
just one-on-one with Mikayla.
before we even go on this girls' trip.
[Mayci]
Okay. well. maybe. maybe I'll talk to her
and see. like. what she thinks
and see if she's open
to chatting with you in person.
And maybe I can help. like. facilitate it.
Hopefully. everyone could come
and have a little kumbaya.
I was gonna say kumbaya!
I really wanna talk to Mikayla
before the girls' trip
because I'm not fully understanding
why you still have
such harsh feelings towards me.
And even more than that.
MomTok is driven by love and unity.
and that's clearly not
what Mikayla's doing.
She's doing the exact opposite. actually.
-Love you.
-[Mayci] Love you too.
- I'll talk to you later.
-Okay. bye.
-[♪ upbeat music playing]
-♪ Like a diamond ♪
♪ We're gonna push ya. push ya. push ya ♪
♪ I'll just get better. better. better
like a diamond ♪
♪ Mama said remember ♪
♪ Just keep shining ♪
-I got you flowers.
-How are you? For what?
'Cause you're gonna hit
a million followers today. I think.
-Stop!
-I know!
Demi and I are gonna meet up
to do Pilates today.
It's one of our favorite workouts.
We don't do it as much as we should.
We have the girls' trip in a few days.
so we gotta look good.
and Pilates is a good workout.
-Keep up. Jessi.
-I know. this is a competition now.
Did you only get
two hours of sleep or what?
[Jessi]
Look. I'm already shaking.
We're gonna be jiggling
walking outta here.
-[Demi] Feel like I'm giving birth.
-[all laughing]
Your legs are goals.
[Jessi] The one time of year I do it.
That's--
[Demi] Yeah. we're all wondering
how she has those legs
'cause this is her first time in the gym
for-- in like.
-I think in three years. [laughs]
-In three years? [laughs]
I truly work out
maybe one to two days a year.
I was not lying.
So. it must be good genetics.
But I feel like I. you know.
keep pretty active in the bedroom.
so maybe Jordan's the reason
for these legs.
You think you're gonna go
to Whitney's baby shower?
No.
Yeah. I didn't think you would.
I was just not--
-Are you?
-No!
But I feel like
she probably expects us all to go.
'cause at Mayci's dinner.
she was like. "Remember. Friday!"
Like. kinda delusional.
Like. "There's gonna be bunnies!"
-I'm like. "That doesn't change anything!"
-Yeah.
Whitney dropped
her baby shower announcement.
and that was the last thing
I was expecting.
I think it's a little strange
because she knows
that probably half the group
isn't going to come.
I think we wanna host.
like. a hibachi dinner that night.
-[gasps]
-'Cause Jordan's friend has
-this hibachi grill.
-[Demi] Yeah.
And he brings it out
and he does the whole show for you.
And he has. like. heat lamps. so you do it
in the front yard. but it's. like. cozy.
So. I was thinking we should do that
-for the people not going.
-[gasps] Yes!
[Jessi] Like. we might as well
do something fun that night.
[Demi] It's gonna be so interesting
to see how the trip's gonna go.
Like. I'm excited to go
to Arizona and get outta the cold.
But we saw how Park City and Vegas went.
and I'm just like. "Please. can we just
have. like. a calm. chill girls' trip."
I am feeling very apprehensive
about this girls' trip.
I am not on the best terms
with Whitney still.
She has tried to reach out
and mend things.
I don't fully trust her.
And I'm not ready to hear
what she has to say.
Between that. and Jen. and the lies
and not being able to trust her.
it's just like. ugh. I don't want
to be on a girls' trip with these people.
Okay. Mayci's dinner. um. do you know
who wrote the "Jen is fake" thing?
No. I have no clue.
Maybe this needs to be what comes out
for her to be like.
"Let's face these issues and. like.
not be fake to each other anymore."
Like. I don't even know how to act
around Jen right now.
Like. I feel awkward.
I know. I'm feeling so weird about Jen.
-Really?
-Zac called me.
-What?
-Yeah. Like. right before this.
What did he say?
-We talked for. like. 45 minutes. um.
-What?
So. he said that he talked to Jordan
about the whole Chippendales situation.
[Jessi] Did you tell him
we gave Jen a heads-up?
Yeah. I said. "I thought that
by giving Jen's a-- Jen a heads-up--"
And I was like. "I know you're not Jen.
but I thought that you guys
would be in communication enough."
Zac's just really confused.
And it's another situation with Jen where.
like. he's not being told the full truth.
She's the one who told us. "We're gonna
go together for exposure therapy."
Yeah. Like. I get where he's coming from.
and this is what shocks me.
is that he fully was like--
Like. her lying
about the Ben Affleck thing.
Like. why would she make that up?
[Jessi] 'Kay. that's where. for me.
I'm like. "This isn't a miscommunication.
This isn't you hating confrontation.
That is literally a pathological liar."
At this point. I think Jen needs
to be held accountable
for all of the lies that are coming out.
The last time we talked to her.
we didn't know everything.
so I think we were a little soft on her.
But since that conversation.
we're finding out more lies
that have been told.
I'm not interested in having a friend
who lies about the weirdest things
because what are you gonna
lie about about me?
That's just not what MomTok's about.
Dude. what do we do?
I have to do her hair tomorrow.
Oh. my hell.
Like. how do I not talk to her
about all of this while I'm doing it?
But then. how awkward that
I'm. like. sitting there for three hours
doing her hair and. like.
calling her out for being a liar.
How should I bring it up?
Should I just be like. "So. I kinda heard
there's been some tension
with Chippendales. like. how do you feel?"
Yeah. "We're really confused.
All of us are feeling
very frustrated with you."
[Jessi] I just feel so bad 'cause. like.
last year. when this all went down.
I was like. "No. I'm a girl's girl.
Like. you do not deserve to be treated
this way. I've been treated this way."
And I don't want it
to feel like I'm flipping on her.
but this has nothing
to do with gender now.
Like. it's literally just
the actions we're seeing
-that I'm like...
-Exactly. which you have to be that way.
I'm sorry. we can't just blindly be like.
-"Girl power!"
-[Jessi] "She's a girl!"
[Demi] Empowering women is being like.
"Hey. step into your freaking power.
And. like. tell the truth."
♪♪
[Zac] How are you feeling?
I know the last couple of days and weeks
have just been--
Pretty much since we've moved back.
you either wanna chop my head off.
or you're crying and you wanna
-order cookies.
-I'm pregnant.
Zac and I were really struggling
after the Chippendales prank.
but we had a really good talk
and we just want to block out
all the noise and be a united front.
It's definitely ironic
that I chose MomTok over Zac
and then. MomTok screwed me over.
Very ironic. Shoot.
I'm sorry. sweetie.
The thing is. like.
you have me. you have your kids.
do you even want to be part of MomTok?
I think being a part of MomTok
is a huge responsibility for each of us
because. as a group.
we're trying to influence the world.
-And I feel like if no one's--
-[Zac] But. but what are you guys
trying to influence?
-What are you trying to s-show women?
-We're trying to empower women.
But you guys all just shit on each other.
And it's. like. a lot of the girls
are just. like. followers.
and. like. whatever is convenient--
Like. it was popular to protect Jen.
Now it's popular to say Jen's fake.
It's just hard 'cause. like. I really.
in this next chapter of our life.
am. like. doing
everything I can to support you.
and then. you go hang out with these girls
and you come home and you cry
pretty much every time.
And you're just like.
"This is what this person said about me."
I'm like. "Friends don't say that
about each other.
Like. that's not a real thing."
But it's like you're almost trapped
because this is. like.
your business and. like--
It's not even just that.
It's just. like. I truly feel
like MomTok has so much potential.
[Zac] Well. I-I mean. obviously.
it's reached millions of people.
I'm not denying that.
I'm just saying how.
like. you as a pregnant woman
that's growing a baby. like. it's not--
Babe. you couldn't sleep last night.
You literally had a panic attack.
[Jen]
Yeah.
[Zac] Anyways. well.
what do you wanna do moving forward?
As of right now. I think
it's really important for me to rest
and think of the baby that I'm carrying.
And I do think
that this is causing me a lot of stress.
My relationship with the girls
is falling apart
and I think it's because Jessi and Demi
are trying to get
the whole group against me.
Part of me is wanting
to people-please so badly
and act like everything's okay
and I-I can't--
Like. the uncomfortable feeling right now
is the feeling that I need to have.
Even though it sucks.
For so long. I've been a pushover.
And for so long. I've had so many people
walk all over me.
I don't wanna play
the victim mentality anymore
and run away from my issues.
I'm not doing that.
I'm just fed up at this point.
And I want someone to finally hear me.
I need to confront these issues.
and if not. it's actually worse for me.
[♪ dramatic music playing]
[♪ hip-hop music playing]
♪ Yeah. we ain't the same ♪
-♪ Better be cautious ♪
-♪ What? ♪
♪ Look. I ain't really come here
to argue ♪
♪ If I really wanted to
I could harm you... ♪
-[Jessi] Hello. Hi.
-[employee] Hi. Welcome in.
Everything looks so good. I'm excited.
[employee] Yes.
Highly recommend the hot chocolate.
Okay. let's do hot chocolate.
That sounds perfect today.
I was supposed to do Jen's hair.
but she reached out and said
she wanted to talk in person first.
So. we're just gonna meet up
and hash this out
outside of the hair salon.
I was super nervous about having
to sit with her for hours doing her hair
while potentially arguing and fighting.
It would've been so uncomfortable.
[Jen] I just don't know
what their intentions are
behind all of this.
I've asked them to stop talking shit
about my husband and me.
I'm done trying to keep the peace.
Like. they've poked the bear
and the claws are coming out.
Like. I'm done.
You haven't seen the other side of me.
You don't realize
that I was raised in the hood.
Like. watch out!
Okay? Catch me outside.
How 'bout that? I'm just kidding.
Hey. you were born in Provo. Utah.
Calm down.
Yes. I was born in Provo.
but raised in the hood. so. ay!
[♪ tense music playing]
I wish Demi was here as well.
I feel like she's equally responsible
for all of the stuff that has happened.
But I decided
to meet with just Jessi first
because I feel like when they're together.
they just team up.
I just want to squash everything and ask.
"Why are you doing this to me?"
-Hi.
-Hi. How are you?
[Jen]
Oh. my gosh. Not good to be honest.
-Oh. no. What-What's going on?
-[Jen] It's okay. It's fine.
Oh. my gosh.
Um. I'm gonna be honest.
This is gonna be
a really hard conversation.
First off.
I just wanna take accountability.
I know I suck at confrontation.
and I know that can come off as two-faced.
which I totally get that.
But first off.
I genuinely want to ask you.
when have I intentionally ever tried
to hurt you in our friendship?
What are you talking about?
You continue to. like. bash me...
Because of the things
I wanna talk about. yes.
Honestly. like...
it makes me question your character...
-[chuckling] Okay.
-...because I'm--
Character is something
we definitely need to talk about
'cause you're the liar here.
[Jen] 'Kay. well.
what you think I'm lying about.
I would love to confront you about.
and that's why I came here.
-Okay. let's start with Chippendales.
-'Kay.
Did Demi ask me for consent
for Bret to dress up
as a Chippendales dancer
and for a performance?
Yes. she did.
She never mentioned
flying down a male stripper--
She said there are things
that I wanna keep as a surprise.
And you said. "Totally. go for it.
That would be so fun.
I'm totally good with it."
And the fact that you said. "Me and Zac
are gonna go to Chippendales ourselves."
that means
you're okay with the situation. Jen.
-No. the difference--
-How is it any different?
What she told me was lighthearted.
What actually happened was disrespectful.
The Chippendales thing
was all in good fun.
And considering what Jen had shared
with us about Zac's progress in therapy.
we thought this was all gonna
be safe territory.
not something that would upset him.
We thought it was gonna be closure
for the whole Chippendales thing together.
What would be lighthearted
in that scenario?
Jordan was literally grinding on me.
-It was a joke. Jen.
-That was never--
If you go to Chippendales.
they put your hands on their ass.
It's way worse at the real Chippendales.
The difference is--
Her intention--
But how is it different than you guys
going to Chippendales?
Thank you.
I just wish
you would've confronted me saying.
"Okay. you don't know these big surprises.
and I know you're in a rocky place
in your relationship. Is this okay?"
I wish you had asked me
because I would've never
given you guys consent
for Jordan and this random male stripper
to be grinding up on--
He's not a stripper. he's a performer.
There's a difference.
Clearly. there's a lot of lies going on
and those are the things
that make me judge you
because if you guys lie about
being related to a celebrity. why...
-Oh. my hell.
-...and. and you know that's
gonna come out. so it's very weird.
So. if you can lie
about something like that.
it makes me question your character.
-I'm lying? I'm lying?
-Your husband--
Your husband said. "Jen made up this lie
and I have been telling her to stop."
We are not related to the Afflecks.
I have told her
to stop lying about it on podcasts.
All that's been told to me.
literally. since the day--
Then you and Zac have
a communication problem.
'Cause he said. "I don't know
where Jen came up with this.
I've been telling her
to stop talking about it. It's a lie."
Jessi brings up the Ben Affleck situation.
Again. I was telling everyone
what I'd been told the past six years.
but also. what does this have
to do with anything?
At this point. it feels like
they're harping on anything to put me down
when it feels like
straight-up bullying.
You literally gaslight everyone
saying that I had consent
over everything that happened.
-which is not true.
-[Jessi] No.
-[Jen] That is what you guys do.
-Jor-- No.
We are very honest.
If anything.
me and Demi are honest to a fault.
We told everyone Jen and Zac said
they were going to go to Chippendales.
-That they wanted exposure therapy.
-So that I gave consent for your husband
-to rub his little dick on me?
-Jen! Jen!
-He didn't rub his dick on you.
-Hell no.
-He had pants on.
-Well. I know about your past--
-You are such a prude!
-Okay. I know about your past.
-What's my past. Jen? What's my past?
-Yes. I know about your past.
-Give it to me.
-If you're asking to swing with us.
it's a no.
And I'm done with this conversation.
I don't wanna have this conversation.
[Jessi scoffs]
Oh. my God.
[♪ upbeat music playing]
♪ Let's shake. rattle.
and roll this city ♪
♪ Do something different.
let's get it ♪
♪ Yeah. let's get it ♪
[Mayci] I'm excited
for a good old Sunshine Bun.
I've never heard of this place.
-Sunshine Buns.
-It's new.
So. there's no better time
to tell you than I guess right now
-since we're five minutes away--
-Oh. Lord.
Um. so. Whitney called me.
and I guess
she's been wanting to talk to you.
And she's like. "Why don't we
just meet there or something?"
-Meet where?
-At the Sunshine Buns.
No. Okay. take me home.
Whitney and I were. like.
best friends for almost two years
and I felt like people didn't get
a lot of that context
of why our friendship fell out.
It really all started in Park City.
I felt like I was
being left out of the friend group.
I was going through a lot
in my chronic illness.
I had a couple conversations
with her about it.
and it was almost like
she gaslit me and flipped it on me.
And made it seem like. "Oh. well.
you're doing this to yourself."
or. "You're going through this."
She unfollowed me with no explanation.
And then. showed up to my birthday party
just to talk to Mayci.
I think she wants to talk
because the girls' trip's coming up
and she thinks that you hate her.
Well. it's 'cause
she's obsessed with herself.
Lately. I feel like MomTok
is turning on each other left and right.
It's really sad to see
because I feel like we're supposed
to be women supporting each other.
We were taught in the church
to love one another.
to be Christlike. and to be forgiving.
but it doesn't feel like that's happening.
The girls' trip is coming up
and I really just want no hostility.
So. I figured this is kinda my shot
at just trying to get
Whitney and Mikayla together.
see if they can work it out.
However. I just don't know
if that's gonna happen.
It's gonna be really sunshiney
at Sunshine Buns.
[♪ "Let Me Show You" by ZAVANNAH playing]
[Mikayla] I don't even--
I don't have anything to say to her.
[Mayci]
You can make it two minutes.
[Mikayla] I'm gonna make it
less than two minutes.
♪ Let me show you ♪
-Okay. well. I'll call you.
-You're gonna call me right now?
I'll just call you and put you on mute.
Well. no. you're gonna
come in there with me still because--
-And then you're gonna call me...
-And then I'll call you and put you
on mute.
And then-- Or no.
you have to put it on mute
'cause then I can't hear you.
-Yes.
-And you know our safe word.
-What's our safe word?
-Our safe word's "Sisterhood."
If I say "sisterhood."
then you got to. I don't know.
say you have to go pick up
your kids from school or something.
Since I'm being held against my will
to this conversation.
I had to make a safe word.
-Hello.
I just wanna hear
what she has to say to me
and then I'm ready to go. "Sisterhood."
You guys can talk
and I'll just chill in the car.
-Bye.
-Sorry. hold on.
I gotta make sure
Jace is picking up my kids.
Okay.
Can we dive more into
what's been bothering you about me?
Yeah. I mean. I honestly don't care
to really say much more.
I wanted to know
why you wanted to have this conversation.
Why can't I hear anything?
I feel like. for me. I was like.
I don't really care to put energy into it.
So. um. if you feel like
something's bothering you.
-I'd love to know.
-Shit. I think Mikayla muted herself.
[slurps]
I care about you and I want to know
what we can do to move past this.
I don't care to have the friendship.
I didn't wanna have this conversation.
Why did you wanna have the conversation?
Because I wanna move past this. Mikayla.
Then move past it.
It's kind of hard to move past it
when every time I open the internet.
somebody's making
blatantly explicit videos about me.
Then don't look at my stuff.
I don't follow you.
It's on my "For you" page.
It just pops up.
-Well. not everything's about you.
-You're the one making it about me!
You're so delusional. and you think
that everyone's always coming for you.
Whitney refuses to acknowledge anything
that makes her look bad
or makes her look like the villain.
You're very explicit with
about how you feel about me online.
If I wanna make videos about you.
I can do that 'cause you're not my friend.
You're exactly right.
So. you're not my friend.
but you can blatantly harass me
on the internet.
-that's okay?
-I'm not blatantly harassing you
-on the internet.
-Then what are you doing?
-What is it that you're doing?
-I'm posting my videos.
And it's like I go through
conversations with her.
where it's like 10 different personalities
that I'm seeing.
She has. like. her victim voice
where she goes very soft.
and then she goes psycho off the rails
where she's yelling and banging on things.
And from this conversation.
the only thing I'm taking is that
Whitney was upset by videos
that I posted on social media.
-Okay.
-[Mikayla] I will be cordial to you
in person when we're
at group or work events.
-If it's a friendship thing? I don't--
-So. we'll be cordial in person.
-but we'll harass her online.
-No one's harassing you on-- Again.
Did you just hear what I said?
No one's harassing you on the internet.
-I feel like it's harassment.
-And if. if you feel like that.
-then come to me and tell me.
-That's what I'm doing right now!
No. You call Mayci every single time
and you put her in the middle. yet again.
-No. I asked her why she was in the video.
-No.
So. in Ephesians 4:32. it says.
"Be kind to one another. tenderhearted.
forgiving each other.
just as God in Christ
also has forgiven you."
That's clearly not
what's happening right now.
At this point. it's kind of like
a sisterhood that we've created
that you removed yourself from.
Moving forward with. like. MomTok
and that sisterhood there.
[sighs] I don't know. it just puts
a tricky dynamic on. like. our sisterhood.
[sighs]
I am three "sisterhoods" deep.
Why is she not coming in?
I'm like. "Sisterhood this.
Sisterhood that."
and she's still not coming in.
[sneezes]
Where do you wanna leave things off?
Moving forward. it's just being cordial
in group situations.
-Okay.
-That's it.
Okay.
I just don't understand.
And I hate that I don't understand.
but I don't.
It just sucks.
We were best friends. me. Mayci. Mikayla.
It just feels helpless.
Like. there's nothing I can do
to break down this wall.
If you have harsh feelings
towards me. Mikayla...
well. like. whatever.
you go ahead and deal with that.
but can we please just be civil
and respect each other
when we go on this girls' trip?
[Mayci] I couldn't hear one word.
It was like it was on mute.
-I muted you!
-[Mayci] Yes. you ding-dong!
You muted me.
I'm the one who was supposed to mute you.
You know how many fuckin' times
I was saying "sisterhood"?
It was comical. Like. I was like--
I feel like i-- I almost started laughing.
I was like.
"This is my sisterhood that I chose."
Looking at the door.
-Stop!
-It got comical.
I was like. "This is a fucking joke."
I was like.
"You're calling Mayci about it."
And she's like. "Mayci was in the video."
And I said. "Mayci can do
whatever the hell she wants."
How many times I had to say.
"It's not about you."
And as far as. like. the girls' trip.
I'll just go and continue to ignore her.
Oh. no.
No one's. like--
We don't owe you anything.
We have a whole group of people
going through their own shit.
Yeah. I get it.
[drink slams]
-Okay.
-That's it!
Well. I'm glad you enjoyed yourself.
♪ Yeah. we lit. yeah. we lit.
yeah. we lit ♪
♪ Now we can turn the party out
'til the sun come up ♪
♪♪
[Ever cooing]
-[gasps] Hi. Evy!
-[Taylor] Look who it is.
[Dakota smooching]
Dakota is coming over
so we can discuss our relationship
and where it goes from here.
[Ever fussing]
As hard as it is. my mom and sister.
they do have a point.
I need to take a step back
'cause everything's so clouded
when we're. like. sleeping together.
Like. I think this is just a cycle
that I would like to break.
-Let's go night-night. huh?
-Goodnight. Ever.
[Taylor giggles]
I don't think
Dakota would ever be on board
of. like. a full-on break.
I think he sees end game.
So. I'm the one who has to initiate this
because I don't think he's wanting to.
Oh. my gosh.
-What?
-[Taylor] Nothing. I'm just tired.
[Dakota]
Yeah. same.
And I actually slept so hard last night
for. like. the first time ever.
-Good.
-I was out.
-Good. I'm glad you were out.
-What?
Um. [sighs]
you what-- you've been out for. like.
a month and a half now...
-Mm-hm.
-...and. like. it's still the same.
It's the same song and dance every day.
Yeah.
And I feel like...
what my heart wants.
it's to. like. obviously...
work on a chance with us.
like. and for our family.
but nothing's changing.
[Dakota]
Mm.
So. I'm like-- I think
you're exhausted. I'm exhausted.
There's really no other answers
other than. like.
I feel like taking a good step back.
♪♪
There's really no other answers
other than. like.
I feel like taking a good step back.
And I hate to say it.
but it's the truth. like--
[softly]
Yeah.
[♪ soft music playing]
I mean. for me.
I don't want anything or anyone else.
I still want you.
I still want my family.
But. like. I don't think--
nothing changes
if nothing changes. you know?
I think it's just really hard 'cause
we've both come from very broken places.
We've both hurt each other.
tremendously. in many ways.
and I know I have tons of things that.
you know. are so hard for me
to. uh. just work through.
Our situation is like
the worst situation ever.
Every pain point Taylor has.
I am someone that activates that for her.
It's hard because I've never loved anyone
more than I have Taylor.
But the best thing I can do
is give her space.
and. for me. my whole focus right now
is to just be the best dad.
I want him to have a really happy life.
regardless. if me and Taylor
are ever together or not.
I guess. the next thing
would be. uh. Ever.
Are you wanting
to still do the night situation?
-Yeah. I'll just keep him all nights.
-Okay. Yeah.
Ugh. See. that's the part
that makes this so hard.
-Ugh.
-I mean. it's part of co-parenting.
-Yeah. it sucks.
-No. no. Yeah. I know.
-It's the worst thing ever.
-Yeah. I just-- Yeah. I've never. uh...
[sighs]
Yeah. I've never experienced it.
though. so...
Yeah. it's hell.
Yeah. I think it's just hard
'cause he's so young.
I know.
♪ Hey. it's over now ♪
It's really hard to imagine
a life without Dakota.
It would be like--
It'd be another loss for me.
But there is. like. just a cycle of
fight all day and then he'll come over.
and then we'll sleep together.
and then there's. like. love.
But the cycle
is more toxic than good days.
♪ Now you're going ♪
♪ And my scars are growing ♪
I do love Dakota.
And so. it's not something
I want to give up.
but I do feel like
it's the best thing for us.
[Ever crying]
-[Ever fussing]
-[Dakota] Ohh. You're okay. You're okay.
[♪ upbeat music playing]
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ I just wanna live my life
like a getaway... ♪
[Whitney]
Oh. my gosh. so freaking cute!
-Here maybe?
-She's a fairy.
Obviously. the conversation with Mikayla
didn't go well.
I'm striking out of the game right now.
But I'm so excited
to celebrate Baby Billy.
It's gonna be great.
[gasps] Oh. my gosh! So freaking cute.
What is this?
I don't know what the bunnies are for.
I just. like. wanted people to be able
to go and hold a bunny. [laughs]
Oh. my gosh. Whitney.
Because I have Billy with me.
I knew that everybody was gonna
wanna hold him.
but I didn't want that to happen.
so I was like. "Hey. like. here's
something cute and fuzzy and cuddly
that you can hold to get.
to get that fix."
Bunnies stink.
No. it's fine.
♪♪
-Ooh. hello. queen. How are you?
-I love this. Good.
-This place is so cute.
-I know. isn't it so beautiful?
[Jen]
Wait. I love this.
[Whitney] I know.
there's. like. a little flower bar.
-[Jen] Stop!
-[Whitney] We've got the balloons.
-[Jen] And I love this! This is cute.
-Thank you. I know.
I feel like a little fairy.
I mean. I can
barely breathe in this dress.
but this is the best I've ever felt.
like. with all my pregnancies.
Oh. Conner did get a vasectomy today.
-I did. Snip!
-[Jen] No!
[Whitney]
I'm curious to know if they show up.
Yeah. I don't know.
-Like. Demi. and Jessi. and--
-Yeah.
[Whitney]
I don't think Mikayla's gonna come.
I mean. I'd be shocked
if Layla and Taylor didn't come.
I mean. I know Miranda's coming
'cause we just talked.
Yeah. I don't know
if Layla's good with me.
She was the one who wrote the note
saying that I was fake or something.
-How did you find that out?
-Mayci told me that. Yeah.
Layla was the one
who wrote the confession.
I feel bummed about it.
but at the same time.
I don't think her intention
was to tear me down.
I think her intention was
to still be included in the group
because some of the most vocal girls.
Demi and Jessi.
were having these opinions about me.
I'm so done with them.
and I'm done going to JZ Styles too.
-Well. damn!
-Yeah.
♪♪
-Hello. guys.
-[Conner] Hey. Taylor. Great seeing you.
Right now. my focus is being
the best version of myself.
And so. I decided to come
to Whitney's baby shower.
because even though she didn't support me
at my baby shower.
I don't think I have to be petty back
and be like.
"I'm not gonna come to yours."
The other girls didn't wanna come
and I feel like they did that to be petty.
Honestly. I-- It's true.
-Hello. Hi. You look so beautiful.
-Hello.
[Whitney]
Thank you. So do you.
Today is Whitney's baby shower
and I'm gonna go support her.
be a good friend. because that's what
I would want in a friendship.
-Thanks for coming. Love you.
-Of course.
Granted. I didn't get that in return
in the past.
but I think we're trying
to take steps forward
and kinda move forward
in our friendship.
Hey. guys. I wanna welcome
you. though. officially
to Whitney's baby shower.
-And Billy's.
Babies are such a blessing from God
and we are so happy
that you're all here to celebrate with us.
Thanks for coming.
We love you guys. And enjoy.
-Love you. Yay.
-[group] Thank you.
I'm so happy with the women
that did show up.
I'm loving seeing Mayci here.
Hopefully. we can just
leave the past behind us.
I'm not surprised that Taylor showed up.
because I felt like we were
rekindling that relationship.
so I'd be pissed if she didn't show up.
I would've had my mom call her and say.
"Why aren't you here?"
I wanna hear
about all the girl drama actually.
-[speaker] Oh. it's been a lot.
-[Taylor] I don't know anything.
♪♪
[Demi] Too cool. Hello.
Good. How are you?
-Hi. So cute. I love this.
-Thank you.
We're going to a little fall dinner
tonight over at Jordan and Jessi's
and we're having a little hibachi night.
This trumps a baby shower all day long.
-[Jessi] Hello.
-[Layla] Hi.
-[Jessi] Are you alone?
-Yeah.
-[Jessi] Wait. why? That's so sad.
-Cam had practice. I know.
Everyone's at the baby shower but us.
so this is. like. the rebellion.
Wait. you guys
didn't wanna go and support?
-[Jessi] I mean--
-I mean. support what?
The baby's here.
I don't regret not showing up
to Whitney's baby shower
because I feel like she invited
the group as a whole as a formality
and she also knows
we're still on rocky ground.
So. I'm good to Whitney in situations
where we're doing things as a group.
but I don't think I owe it to her to go
to a baby shower quite yet.
[chef] Alright.
You guys all like fire. right?
[Demi]
Yes!
Woo!
Alright. are you guys ready
to start catching shrimp in your mouth?
-Yes. sir.
-Oh. no.
-We'll go to you first.
-[Demi] Okay.
This isn't a representation
of how I am with my mouth.
Demetria!
Demi.
Alright. you ready?
-Ooh!
-[all cheering]
Or maybe it is. Woo!
Okay. Standing up.
-Oh. cheater! Absolutely cheating.
-Whoa! Cheater!
[Mikayla]
I'm ready.
[all cheering]
[all laughing]
[Mikayla]
Did you even open your mouth?
Layla took that shrimp like a beast
straight to the forehead.
nowhere near her mouth.
And her tongue's out.
and her mouth's open.
and she's like. aah. kersplat!
Hilarious.
I wonder what they're doing
at Whitney's shower.
Probably like milking cows.
-[Whitney] Taylor. you want a bunny?
-[Taylor] I don't like bunnies.
-[Jen] You can go hold a bunny.
-I'm good.
[Whitney]
I think. I think mine peed.
[Demi] I don't mind
Whitney at this point. honestly.
It's Jen.
No. yeah. Jen's my new Whitney.
It's my new Roman Empire.
There's this many people
who have had lies.
It's not an isolated situation.
It's like. no.
this lie. this lie. this lie.
So. it's like. at what point
are you just not gonna look like a liar?
Like. it's bad.
-They're so outlandish. The lies.
-[Jessi] Yes!
And they're so specific too.
It's so weird.
Apparently. Jen said that Jordan had
his "tiny dick" all over her.
No. he didn't. first of all. but also.
where's this hostility coming from?
Like. what could possibly have switched
so quickly
with one little Chippendales performance
that you consented to?
I'm just preparing for whatever happened
with Jessi to happen to me.
She is brave
to go on this trip. in my opinion.
because it's. like.
Layla has issues with her.
I have issues with her.
you guys have issues with her.
It makes sense that her and Whitney
are the ones that
are getting close. though.
[Jessi] Yeah. it does.
They're the only ones that can.
Like I said. de--
the delusion likes company.
[Jessi] It's really hard to catch me
at a loss for words.
but I was completely shocked
after my argument with Jen.
because the accusations she was throwing
were just crazy to me.
Like. "If this is an invitation to swing.
the answer is no."
First of all. Zac would not be
my first choice in this group of husbands.
Second of all. I did have a situation
in a past relationship
and it did involve swinging.
But that was way in my past
and something
I shared with her in confidence.
And it just kinda shows me that
she's willing to throw daggers
when she feels backed into a corner.
I don't know
if this is a defense mechanism of Jen's.
but I don't want anything to do
with a friend like that.
[Demi] Like. it's bleeding
into our friend group and to MomTok
and that's where it's not okay for me.
[Taylor] Wait. Jen.
what's your issue with Jessi and Demi?
[Jen] The Chippendales
is like kind of a sensitive topic.
I'm just like. "What was your intentions?"
I mean. I asked Jessi this. I'm like.
"When have I intentionally
ever tried to hurt you?"
So what's your--
Wait. what's your issue with Demi. then?
[Jen]
Some things went down in Italy.
Like. I'll just straight up say it. like.
she was literally playing Truth or Dare
with a ton of single men.
Did she kiss them?
One of them kissed her on the cheek.
I called her out for it.
She gave me crap for it.
You think I'm gonna
have your back and stick up for you
when you know you screwed up?
I do feel like Demi sits on her high horse
and looks down at all of us.
A lot of what she does is trashy--
So what else is trashy that I do then?
Since a lot of it is.
Well. I mean.
the whole swinging thing was trashy.
Sure. We got that down. What else?
That whole era of your life.
I'm also not gonna defend Chase
in anything.
but I do feel like Demi did throw Chase
touching her out of proportion.
[Demi] Your girlfriend's literally crying
and just left.
-Like. that's probably--
-Where's your husband?
[Demi]
He's. um. upstairs.
Don't touch me again.
Bret!
-He just laid his hands on me.
-What the hell?
[Taylor]
She's always prying at us and our issues.
And it's like. you actually don't share
a damn thing about your life.
So. I mean. I would like
you to open that lens
and let's see what yours looks like.
So. you feel like they were. like.
coming at you in your marriage?
[Jen]
Yes.
[Taylor] So you asked her
about the confession that Mayci got?
With her and Bret?
-Wait. what?
-[Jen] What?
[Taylor]
Um. I didn't know if Mayci told you.
she got a confession about Demi and Bret.
It said. "Bret slept with me
while Demi was away."
It said. "I slept with Demi's husband
last year while she was away."
Yeah. that's not true.
Demi doesn't go a day away from Bret. so.
Besides the girls' trip we did in June.
It's the ones you never expect
and that's why it's crazy.
But that-that is true.
[Jen]
Wait. Bret was sleeping with someone
-when Demi was away?
-Yes.
Now where I have issue is
when she's asking me for truths.
Let's talk about you and your husband.
That's messy. That's messy.
[Taylor]
I feel for Jen because it's like.
if people are digging
and messing with her relationship.
she has every right to have a backbone
and fight back.
I'd probably feel the same way.
I just am so dreading the minute
Jen tries to come at us with the grenades.
I know she's gonna do it.
She's gonna come at you
for the fake thing.
Let her. Yeah.
I have nothing to hide.
She's gonna make herself look dumb.
If she comes in below the belt.
I will absolutely dominate her.
-Oh. me too. Me too.
-I will make her look like such a fool.
Between all the different opinions
and people taking sides.
I just can't see this going any other way
but a pure bloodbath.
I am absolutely packing
extra super tampons.
She's disgusting.
I don't wanna be associated with her.
I'm like. "You have no idea
what's coming for you."
Going into this girls' trip. Mikayla and I
are worse than when we started.
Jessi and Jen definitely don't need
to be in a room together.
Demi needs to be very careful
about calling people out
because we all know she's got skeletons
in her closet.
All I know is shit is definitely gonna
go down at this girls' trip.
[Taylor] Wow.
This will be great to be all together.
Yikes. Yikes. Yikes. Yikes.
[all chanting "MomTok"]
[cheering]
-Oh!
-Oh. shit. Oh!
No. she's fine. She's fine.
-Bye. baby. I'll see you tonight.
-Say bye to Mama.
-I almost said. "I love you."
-Uh-oh.
-Well. I do. but you know what I'm saying.
-Yeah.
[all screaming]
It's time for Mormon Girls Gone Wild.
We're gonna play pregnancy roulette.
-No!
-[gasps]
[Demi]
The question of the day: where's Jen?
[crying]
I'm just not okay.
Jen likes to put on a facade
that she's always happy.
She cries like every day
and it's 90% related to the girls.
Demi has skeletons in her closet.
Does Jen know their skeletons?
Alright. you guys. I have a surprise.
Another truth box.
Oh. dear God.
[Jessi] I was there in Italy.
like. I saw everything.
Why would you be talking to him that much?
Like. it doesn't add up to me.
I feel like Demi is trying
to break the soul of MomTok.
I've also been told that you think
you deserve the biggest brand deals.
It's not a shock
that I was a fan favorite.
I just think you're fake.
Am I the only one
that cares about loyalty?
Taylor. why do you think
we're. like. praying on your downfall?
[Taylor]
Because look at the two girls it is.
[Demi]
She's a disgusting human being.
You're just a selfish bitch.
She needs help.
She needs to go be a fucking mom.
And she does not get my sympathy anymore.
If Taylor's in. I'm out.
♪♪
♪ Wanna stay right here forever ♪
[♪ music fades out]
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-